README.md, before:

# Andromeda ADO-Builder

A repository for the front-end user interface for the Andromeda Protocol Builder (APB).

## Development

### Operating
ADO-Builder uses the ParcelJS web application bundler. | Run with ```parcel index.html```

### Dependencies
#### NPM
ParcelJS Bundler - [ParcelJS.org](https://parceljs.org/)\
React - [ReactJS.org](https://reactjs.org/)\
Axios - [Axios-HTTP.com](https://axios-http.com/)\
Lo Dash - [Lodash.com](https://lodash.com/)\
Material-UI - [Material-UI.com/](https://material-ui.com/)\
Apollo Client - [ApolloGraphQL.com](https://www.apollographql.com/)\
Terra.js - [Terra-Money.Github.io/Terra.js](https://terra-money.github.io/terra.js/)\
Terra Wallet Provider - [npmjs.com/package/@terra-money/wallet-provider](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@terra-money/wallet-provider)\
Regenerator-Runtime - [npmjs.com/package/regenerator-runtime](https://www.npmjs.com/package/regenerator-runtime/)\
ChartJS - [ChartJS.org](https://www.chartjs.org/)\
React-ChartJS-2 - [github.com/reactchartjs/react-chartjs-2](https://github.com/reactchartjs/react-chartjs-2/)

#### CDN
Bootstrap - [GetBootstrap.com](https://getbootstrap.com/)\

Commit message:

Updating ReadMe
Updating information for the Readme with new load instructions, status of build, and test wallet available for use.

README.md, after:

# Andromeda ADO-Builder

A repository for the front-end user interface for the Andromeda Protocol Builder (APB).

## Current Build Notes
This is currently in proto-typing, and as such has limited functionality, formatting issuses, and bugs.\
Chain data retrieval modules have yet to be assigned to a preloader and sometimes displays incorrectly.

### Sample Test Wallet
If you need a wallet to test with then you can use the following which has tokens preloaded for Testnet & Bombay\
terra1k82hqu0hxksyyew5atm8eq08t94e2klwe3yhsc\
T2Idj2OK98

## Development

### Operating
npm start
npm build

### Dependencies
#### NPM
React - [ReactJS.org](https://reactjs.org/)\
Axios - [Axios-HTTP.com](https://axios-http.com/)\
Lo Dash - [Lodash.com](https://lodash.com/)\
Material-UI - [Material-UI.com/](https://material-ui.com/)\
Apollo Client - [ApolloGraphQL.com](https://www.apollographql.com/)\
Terra.js - [Terra-Money.Github.io/Terra.js](https://terra-money.github.io/terra.js/)\
Terra Wallet Provider - [npmjs.com/package/@terra-money/wallet-provider](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@terra-money/wallet-provider)\
Regenerator-Runtime - [npmjs.com/package/regenerator-runtime](https://www.npmjs.com/package/regenerator-runtime/)\
ChartJS - [ChartJS.org](https://www.chartjs.org/)\
React-ChartJS-2 - [github.com/reactchartjs/react-chartjs-2](https://github.com/reactchartjs/react-chartjs-2/)

#### CDN
Bootstrap - [GetBootstrap.com](https://getbootstrap.com/)\
